yo hi you got a fan Oh big fan I can't
hit live long with a kick she can jump
it away
come on ignite oh boy and an assist on
the bot lane kill all baby we're getting
a measure this game I'm already holding
the book it was meant to be to her see
for real are they for real that's the
one come on - come on - LeBlanc please
can I keep up for going back just beat
it out and I'll revive and oh come on
I'm pressing on just spamming it come on
- this is the best day of my life yeah
it must be my birthday today
blues I'm getting where the heck did he
go he just duped us heart or there is no
I like Ryan Deiss I made mistake
Oh Janie oh my god am I out am I hope
he's out oh my god holy crap oh my god
that's that's a round of applause for
Janie right there
what a hero did my buff work when you
when you got there oh shit this is
wooded nice fine it's fine fine I'm
watching you out oh oh my god
no everyone's saving me this game IQ
test kind of too late
oh hello grave bullshit what's it what's
it what's all jump-scare holy crap
playing this champion is like a rush oh
wow I really like this champion he's fun
oh wow okay that's a tank by the way
guys he's gone DFG so I don't think so
oh okay d/f Garin oh my god
okay are we going she can't escape
my song
oh no no no no no no no no oh my god
okay don't mess with the FG gun oh hello
hello hello goodbye oh no oh yeah oh
yeah I get nothing analytic help me
Aaron Hecht me up and I think I want to
leave base can I do my school koffice
come on come on yeah that's it Gigi I'm
just staying here finish it what we done
please oh my god
fine I guess it's all up to me now okay
I'm gonna shake I'm finishing finish
yeah we did it
Gigi no one else came pocket pocket loss
is right pad pocket loss nice time to
make a move hahahaha